docs/rofl: Rewrite ROFL docs to use TDX containers (#2153)
oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk: docs/rofl/app.mdx

  Network:  testnet
  ParaTime: sapphire
  Debug:    false
  Admin:    myaccount
Created manifest in 'rofl.yaml'.
Run `oasis rofl create --update-manifest` to register your ROFL app and configure an app ID.
```

After you complete this guide, the directory structure will look as follows:

```
myapp
├── compose.yaml        # Container compose file.
└── rofl.yaml           # ROFL app manifest.
```

The manifest contains things like ROFL app metadata, [secrets],
[requested resources] and can be modified either manually or by using the CLI
commands.

[secrets]: features.md#secrets
[requested resources]: resources.md

## Create

Before the ROFL app can be built it needs to be created on chain to assign it a
unique identifier (the app ID) which can be used by on-chain smart contracts to
ensure that they are talking to the right app and also gives the app access to a
decentralized key management system.

Anyone with enough funds can create an app. Currently, this threshold is 10,000
TEST on Sapphire Testnet and Localnet (funded automatically). ROFL registration
on Sapphire Mainnet is yet to be enabled.

:::tip

In order to obtain TEST tokens needed for creating and running your ROFL apps

> use [the faucet] or [ask on Discord]. To make things easier you should

Reviewer: `the faucet` only gives 10 tokens, so it's not the best suggestion here, where 10,000 tokens are needed :)

by the current admin.

:::info

While the CLI implements a simple governance mechanism where the admin of the
ROFL app is a single account, even a smart contract can be the admin. This
allows for implementation of advanced agent governance mechanisms, like using
multi-sigs or DAOs with veto powers to control the upgrade process.

:::

## Oracle Contract

:::info

While we are using [EVM-based smart contracts] in this example, the on-chain
part can be anything from a [WASM-based smart contract] to a dedicated
[runtime module].

[EVM-based smart contracts]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/docs/blob/main/docs/build/sapphire/README.mdx
[WASM-based smart contract]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/docs/blob/main/docs/build/tools/other-paratimes/cipher/README.mdx
[runtime module]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/blob/main/docs/runtime/modules.md

:::

We have prepared a simple oracle contract for this example. You can find it by
checking out the [prepared example project] from the Oasis SDK repository. It
contains a simple [Oracle.sol] contract which collects observations from
authenticated ROFL app instances, performs trivial aggregation and stores the

> final aggregated result. Read the [Sapphire quickstart] chapter to learn how to

Reviewer: More a question for sapphire/ @matevz. We use `hardhat` in this guide, and I see that the "Sapphire quickstart" also uses `hardhat`. I thought `foundry` was the cool thing to use with Sapphire these days.

Author: This is copied over from the old ROFL tutorial. Not sure if anything has changed here.

```

After successful deployment you will see a message like:

```
Oracle for ROFL app rofl1qqn9xndja7e2pnxhttktmecvwzz0yqwxsquqyxdf deployed to 0x1234845aaB7b6CD88c7fAd9E9E1cf07638805b20
```

You can now proceed to building and deploying the ROFL app itself. Remember the
address where the oracle contract was deployed to as you will need it in the
next step.

<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->
[Oracle.sol]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/blob/main/examples/runtime-sdk/rofl-oracle/oracle/contracts/Oracle.sol
[prepared example project]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/oasis-sdk/tree/main/examples/runtime-sdk/rofl-oracle/oracle
[Sapphire quickstart]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/blob/main/docs/quickstart.mdx
<!-- markdownlint-enable line-length -->

## Define Containerized Services

What the core of the ROFL app does is defined with services running in Podman
containers defined in [the compose file]. Anything that can run as a bunch of
containers can also be run as a ROFL app.

For an easier start, we will use the `oasisprotocol/demo-rofl` container which

> is defined in [the `demo-rofl` repository] and implements [a trivial oracle] in

Reviewer: Let's fix the oracle script to also `sleep` in case the price cannot be fetched.

    # See the 'docker' subdirectory in demo-rofl for the content of this image.
    # Note that we are using the sha256 hash of the image to ensure integrity.
    image: docker.io/oasisprotocol/demo-rofl:latest@sha256:54bcedf79a5320ea8488d4d826ab30f64adb69759934ddbc06a9846aafeb2685
    environment:
      # Address of the oracle contract deployed on Sapphire Testnet.
      - CONTRACT_ADDRESS=1234845aaB7b6CD88c7fAd9E9E1cf07638805b20
      # Ticker.
      - TICKER=ROSEUSDT
    volumes:
      - /run/rofl-appd.sock:/run/rofl-appd.sock
```

[the compose file]: https://docs.docker.com/reference/compose-file/
[the `demo-rofl` repository]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/demo-rofl/tree/main/docker
[a trivial oracle]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/demo-rofl/blob/main/docker/app.sh

## Build

Whenever you make changes to your ROFL app and want to deploy it, you first need
to build it. The build process takes the compose file together with other ROFL
app artifacts and deterministically generates a bundle that can later be
deployed.

The build process also computes the _enclave identity_ of the bundle which is
used during the process of remote attestation to authenticate the app instances

> before granting them access to the key management system etc.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
before granting them access to the key management system and [other features](link to features.md).
```
